Drama theme: 致青春
简介：
人物： 旁白君（上帝视角）- A，3个主角 -B/C/D, E, F
On a nice day, 3个人(B/C/D)在一起聊天，旁边一个人A摆摊卖东西。E and C走过来打招呼，然后E看中了A的一个盒子，A给E介绍说这是月光宝盒，你可以在晚上念咒语，然后它就可以带你回到你想改变的时间和地方去。E不相信走了。B买了。然后，天气变差，各自回家收衣服。

B/C/D 后悔的事以及后续剧情
B: (honest) cheat - (为了通过考试，一直作弊，一直失败，最后成功！)
C: (love) 表白 - (一个女生暗恋某个男神，但是她不敢表白，只敢做朋友。那个男生被一个先表白的女生抢走了，然后时光倒转，她先表白，然后成功了)
D: (courage) - (参加CEF的talent show，然后刚开始选择坐公交，堵车了害他迟到了没赶上比赛，然后穿越回来开始弥补，就他最开始是因为没勇气)

End
青春，学会诚实，爱和勇气。


Opening:
E and C passed by.
E: (Walking to his friends) What a nice day! What are you doing?
D: 带着耳机没听到。 #(or I'm watching Back to Field.)
B: (一脸幽怨)He's busy saving his teammates. I should have been playing King of glory with him too, instead of reading these terrible thick books.
C: Does the sun rise in the west? I've never seen you read a book before.
B: I'm preparing for a make-up exam. You know, I didn't pass it in the mid-term examination.
E: Sad story, wish you good luck~, (走到摊子旁 and is chooseing good)

E: Emm, this box looks good.
A: You really have a good taste. It's a very precious thing.
E: So, what is it?
A: It's Pandoras Box.
E: Are you kidding? If it's pandoras box, I must be Zhizunbao.
A: Believe it or not, Only those with a destiny can get it. I'm sure you're the one.
E: So you mean, I can go back by using it.
A: Yes. You can say a spell on a moonlit night, and then you can go back to the past.
E: So how much is it?
A: Enn....For the sake of you being my regular customer, I'll give you a cheaper price. 100 hundred yuan.
(B comes)
B: How can such a precious thing be sold on a street stall with such a cheaper price?
E: Emm, You've got a point there. I don't believe it.
C: Me too.
E: Anyway, I'm not gonna buy it. I don't need to go back. I don't have any regrets. I've got a good job, and whatsmore a great boyfriend.(Look at her watch) It's time to meet my boyfriend. So see u later~
B & C: BYE. Wa, it looks beautiful.
A: Go away. You just said what I'm selling is fake. Then what are you doing now?
B: No, You misunderstand me. I haven't said it. Believe it or not, I believe you. So can you sell it to me?
A: Wait a min. You mean you wanna it? Emm, Only those with a destiny can get it. I'm sure you're the one.
B: Here is the money.(或者换成支付宝，bgm:支付宝到账一百元。)
A: Here is Pandoras Box.
B: lalalala...la...la(哼着小调). I'm going to pass the mid-term examination. (甩掉书本，走了)
C: Wish you good luck~
E: Yeah, we won~, (看着四周) where's others?
C: (摊手，耸肩)They've gone while you're in your own world.
（天气变差)
E: (看天) It looks like rain.
C: Yeah, The weather in Wuhan is really changeable. I can never get used to it.
(打雷）
A: Be careful. Thundering. Raining. Go home and get your clothes.（收拾走人）



Love：
C: I've heard that you passed the exam. I'm very happy for you.
B: Thank you. But that seems not a happy face. What happened to you?
C: I'd rather not mention it. But since you really wanna know, ok, I'll tell u. My best friend and the boy I love are together. I feel terrible now. I should have been his girlfriend if I was the one who helped him answer the question in the competition.
B: Don't worry. Let me help you. This is Pandoras Box, you can go back to the past to restart it. It was proved to be true by my own experience.
C: Wa, how nice you are.
B: Do you know the spell?
C: Of course. Everyone knows it. Pineapple, pineapple, bee. Please take me back to the competition 3 days ago.(The Spell works) Thanks for your help. You are so kind!
B: Did I just do sth? How could I not know it? (走了)
Host: so who wants to help this gentlemen?
C: Here, here, here. Pick me, pick me.
Host: You looks so excited. The girl in white
Host: So please help this gentlemen to answer this question. 
C: The correct answer is C. Trust me.
Boy: Ok, I trust you. I choose C.
Host: So, the right answer is .......C. Congratulations. You're the champion tonight.
Boy: Oh my god! Thank you very much.(拥抱女孩)

After the competition:
C: Do u have a min?
Boy: Yeah, what's up?
C: I have sth to say. I like you very much when I first meet you. Can you be my boyfriend?
Boy: I'm flattered that you like me. You are really a good girl. But I already have someone I love. And I'm going to tell her when I win the championship.
C: Well. It's a little embarrassment. Anyway, I still wish you could get what u want. So goodbye.
Boy: bye.


Courage:
D: You look so happy. Is there any sth intresting?
C: I just expressed myself to someone and was objected.
D: So you are happy?
C: Of course not. But I've already done what I can. I don't regret it. Anyway I will find someone who likes me in the future. So what's wrong with you?
D:
C: This is a Padoras Box. It can help you.


Ending
In the growth, there will always be regret things, not every time can be repeated, not every time can be successful.But we learn honesty, love, courage, that is youth.




